okay let me continue with my point the
technology has developed into such state
that there is less and less demand for
workers for human labor and you see
there there are machines can do so many
things and after all what we are trying
to do is to make less and less human
labor right we developed the cash
machine so that you do not need to
calculate and and the vending machine
anyway I cannot name a lot but the fact
is that we are no longer needed we are
no longer in demand this word does not
need us to survive this word can very
well leave very good without us it is
hard to
it is hard to swallow this but
such is life this is not symmetric
cutter
I'm sorry lost my
you